feat(rest-crud): add CrudRestApiBuilder (#4589)
strongloop/loopback-next: packages/rest-crud/README.md

## Basic use

`@loopback/rest-crud` can be used along with `@loopback/model-api-builder` to
easily create a repository class and a controller class for your model.

For the examples in the following sections, we are assuming a model named
`Product` and a datasource named `db` have already been created.

In your `src/application.ts` file:

```ts
// add the following import
import {CrudRestComponent} from '@loopback/rest-crud';

export class TryApplication extends BootMixin(
  ServiceMixin(RepositoryMixin(RestApplication)),
) {
  constructor(options: ApplicationConfig = {}) {
    // other code

    // add the following line
    this.component(CrudRestComponent);
  }
}
```

> Create a new file for the configuration, e.g.

Author: > What kind of configurations we are talking about? Can we explain it a bit?

I'll make it more clear, but it's only the ones mentioned below:
```ts
model: Product,
pattern: 'CrudRest',
dataSource: 'db',
basePath: '/products',
```

> For example, what is needed in the file for it to configure repository and controller? 

We don't have options for specifically configuring the repository or controller. ATM, the `basePath` is for the controller and the `dataSource` is for the repository.

> Besides, what patterns are available? Is `CrudRest` the only one that being supported?

Users can make their own with the `@loopback/model-api-builder` package, but yes LoopBack only has the `CrudRest` one so far.

> Create a new file for the configuration, e.g.

Reviewer: FYI, we have a follow-up task to write proper documentation both for application developers consuming model-api-booter extensions and for extension developers building such extensions, see https://github.com/strongloop/loopback-next/issues/2740

Having said that, I can see how the current README content could be confusing. How about approaching this text from the point of view of what the app developers wants to accomplish using this feature?

For example:

> To expose CRUD REST API operations for a model, you should create a new per-model configuration files inside `src/model-endpoints` directory. In this file, you should provide configure what model you are exposing (e.g. `model: Product`), what API pattern to use (`pattern: 'CrudRest'`), what dataSource to use to access model data (e.g. `dataSource: 'db'`) and finally the base path at which the REST API operations should be exposed (e.g. `basePath: '/products'`).

## Basic use

`@loopback/rest-crud` can be used along with `@loopback/model-api-builder` to
easily create a repository class and a controller class for your model.

For the examples in the following sections, we are assuming a model named
`Product` and a datasource named `db` have already been created.

In your `src/application.ts` file:

```ts
// add the following import
import {CrudRestComponent} from '@loopback/rest-crud';

export class TryApplication extends BootMixin(
  ServiceMixin(RepositoryMixin(RestApplication)),
) {
  constructor(options: ApplicationConfig = {}) {
    // other code

    // add the following line
    this.component(CrudRestComponent);
  }
}
```

Create a new file for the configuration, e.g.
`src/model-endpoints/product.rest-config.ts` that defines the `model`,
`pattern`, `dataSource`, and `basePath` properties:

```ts
import {ModelCrudRestApiConfig} from '@loopback/rest-crud';
import {Product} from '../models';

module.exports = <ModelCrudRestApiConfig>{
  model: Product,
  pattern: 'CrudRest',
  dataSource: 'db',
  basePath: '/products',
};
```

> Now your `Product` model will have a default repository and default controller

Reviewer 2: So there are 2 ways that a developer can create the `default` controller and `default `repository for Product?
  1. Performing Basic steps  and **not** performing Advanced steps
  1. Performing Advanced steps and **not** performing Basic steps

So they are mutually exclusive then? If so let's specify that Basic and Advanced are mutually exclusive. Another question: why would someone want to do Advanced steps if it is shorter to perform Basic steps?

Author: > So they are mutually exclusive then? If so let's specify that Basic and Advanced are mutually exclusive.

Yeah, I'll specify that, thanks!

> Another question: why would someone want to do Advanced steps if it is shorter to perform Basic steps?

The advanced one helps if you only want to create the default controller or default repository but not both.

## Basic use

> `@loopback/rest-crud` can be used along with `@loopback/model-api-builder` to

Reviewer: I think this is not entirely correct. `@loopback/model-api-builder` provides only _Types and helpers for packages contributing Model API builders_ (quoting from README).

Did you perhaps mean the built-in [ModelApiBooter](https://github.com/strongloop/loopback-next/blob/master/packages/boot/src/booters/model-api.booter.ts)?

```suggestion
`@loopback/rest-crud` can be used along with the built-in `ModelApiBooter` to
```

Author: In this case, `CrudRestApiBuilder` implements `ModelApiBuilder` (not the booter). Quoting from the README: it also "provides a contract for extensions that contribute builders for repositories and controllers".
